intro_to_whiteboarding/README.md, before:

# Introduction to Whiteboarding

## Objectives

1. Articulate what a whiteboarding interview is and why companies use them
2. Explain what a good whiteboarding process looks like
3. Solve whiteboarding interview questions

## 1. What is whiteboarding?

The interview process typically includes the following steps:

1. Phone Screen
2. Take-home coding challenge
3. In-person interview

The in-person interview will typically comprise of questions about iOS development as well as one or two data structure/algorithm quesitons.

Traditionally, you will be asked to solve these problems on a whiteboard, without the use of an IDE.  Some companies don't ask whiteboarding questions at all, and some ask it during the phone screen.

You'll have about a half hour or so to solve a question that your interviewer presents.  Depending on the scale of the problem, they might not expect you to come to a full solution.

## 2. Why do companies have a whiteboarding method?

Companies that use whiteboarding interviews use them as a proxy for you problem solving, coding and communication abilities.  They rarely care about the specific problem that you are solving, they are more interesting in getting to know your thought process and how you approach quesitons.

Why DSA questions?  Traditionally, most people in software development first obtained a 4-year computer science degree.  That curriculum focuses heavily on DSA as the building blocks of computation.  When interviewing a candidate, the interviewer had reason to believe that they both had the same background in CS and could use those questions almost like logic questions to get a sense of general aptitude.

Of course, knowledge of DSA will make you a more knowledgeable programmer in general.  Many companies hold that these questions are still relevent because they want to hire engineers who have a solid foundation in CS fundementals.

There is a growing divide between companies that use the traditional whiteboarding interview and companies that only ask platform specific problems.  We want to ensure that you are propared for any interview quesitons that might arise.

## 3. Whiteboarding process

1. Ask clarifying quesitons
2. Write inputs/outputs
3. Diagram and explain a solution to the problem
4. Code your solution
5. Test and refactor your code

Commit message:

fix typos + language around stack

intro_to_whiteboarding/README.md, after:

# Introduction to Whiteboarding

## Objectives

1. Articulate what a whiteboarding interview is and why companies use them
2. Explain what a good whiteboarding process looks like
3. Solve whiteboarding interview questions

## 1. What is whiteboarding?

The interview process typically includes the following steps:

1. Phone Screen
2. Take-home coding challenge
3. In-person interview

The in-person interview will typically comprise of questions about software development in your stack (iOS or Web) as well as one or two data structure/algorithm questions.

Traditionally, you will be asked to solve these problems on a whiteboard, without the use of an IDE.  Some companies don't ask whiteboarding questions at all, and some ask it during the phone screen.

You'll have about a half hour or so to solve a question that your interviewer presents.  Depending on the scale of the problem, they might not expect you to come to a full solution.

## 2. Why do companies have a whiteboarding method?

Companies that use whiteboarding interviews use them as a proxy for you problem solving, coding and communication abilities.  They rarely care about the specific problem that you are solving, they are more interesting in getting to know your thought process and how you approach questions.

Why DSA questions?  Traditionally, most people in software development first obtained a 4-year computer science degree.  That curriculum focuses heavily on DSA as the building blocks of computation.  When interviewing a candidate, the interviewer had reason to believe that they both had the same background in CS and could use those questions almost like logic questions to get a sense of general aptitude.

Of course, knowledge of DSA will make you a more knowledgeable programmer in general.  Many companies hold that these questions are still relevant because they want to hire engineers who have a solid foundation in CS fundamentals.

There is a growing divide between companies that use the traditional whiteboarding interview and companies that only ask platform specific problems.  We want to ensure that you are prepared for any interview questions that might arise.

## 3. Whiteboarding process

1. Ask clarifying questions
2. Write inputs/outputs
3. Diagram and explain a solution to the problem
4. Code your solution
5. Test and refactor your code
